1386556915
Application	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
CreateProducts	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/db/migrate/20131207170727_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
Depot	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/config/application.rb	module Depot
Product	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductTest	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/models/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
ProductsController	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsControllerTest	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/controllers/products_controller_test.rb	class ProductsControllerTest 
ProductsHelper	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
ProductsHelperTest	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/helpers/products_helper_test.rb	class ProductsHelperTest 
StoreController	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	class StoreController 
StoreControllerTest	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/controllers/store_controller_test.rb	class StoreControllerTest 
StoreHelper	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/helpers/store_helper.rb	module StoreHelper
StoreHelperTest	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/helpers/store_helper_test.rb	class StoreHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/db/migrate/20131207170727_create_products.rb	  def change
create	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
new_product	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/test/models/product_test.rb	  def new_product(image_url)
product_params	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	    def product_params
set_product	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	    def set_product
show	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def show
update	/Users/josephhassan/DevCode/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
